‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎-Ready to go, Adrien?
‎-Since this is going to take a while,
‎can I bring a friend?
‎-Wassup, bro?
‎-I must go back to the Grévin wax museum.
‎-Do you want to come with me?
‎-Sure thing, dude! I'll be right--
‎Uh... Actually,
‎Alya and I are hangin' together today.
‎-Wait. Could Alya come too?
‎-Can I bring two friends?
‎Hey, wait!
‎-Hey, girl!
‎-You are coming with me and Nino
‎to the wax museum! Adrien invited us!
‎Uh? What? But...
‎There's no saying "No". We're coming
‎to get you now. You don't have a choice!
‎Could Marinette come?
‎That way, you guys could--
‎-Shh!
‎-You could stare at the statues together!
‎Marinette loves, uh... she loves statues!
‎Which is perfect since the wax museum
‎is, er, full of 'em! Ha, ha, ha!
‎-Can we make that three?
‎-Mmm-hmm.
‎But, Marinette,
‎what about my superhero costume?
‎Humph! Everyone always forgets about me!
‎Sorry, guys! I'm looking after Manon
‎this afternoon. Go ahead without me.
‎Would four work?
‎Actually, more like three and a half?
‎I'll see what I can do.
‎Then I'll leave Marinette alone--
‎Hey, why are you leaving Marinette
‎all alone? Don't you like her?
‎-What are you talking about?
‎-Nothing! It's got nothing to do
‎with us leaving you and Adrien alone
‎to look at the statues
‎as, er, just friends, of course!
‎-Ah!
‎-Don't worry, Manon!
‎Alya and Nino are going out
‎and they want to spend
‎time together without us!
‎-Phew!
‎-Really?
‎But I thought you and Marinette
‎were boyfriend and girlfriend.
‎She has lots of photos of you
‎all over her bedroom!
‎She loves fashion and I'm a model.
‎But then why are there so many hearts
‎drawn on them?
‎Ha, ha, ha! Those aren't hearts!
‎Those are... upside-down spades!
‎I was just coming up with some new,
‎uh, patterns for my fabric designs!
‎-You told me you wouldn't tell Nino!
‎-I haven't!
‎-Right, Nino, I didn't tell you anything?
‎-She didn't tell me, and besides,
‎-I told her I won't tell!
‎-So you didn't tell anyone
‎-what Alya didn't tell you? Or did you?
‎-What are you talking about?
‎Nothing!
‎-Hi, Véronique!
‎-Thanks for coming on such short notice.
‎I'm sorry. A piece of your statue
‎went missing again!
‎Just goes to show‎how popular you are!
‎Look!
‎We get to go in even though it's closed!
‎It's like we're princesses!
‎Hey! Did you hear me?
‎Be careful this time. Marinette should
‎spill the beans to Adrien, not us!
‎So, no matter what Adrien asks you,
‎just deny, OK?
‎Whee! Ha, ha, ha!
‎Mr Jagged! Can you give me
‎a oddy-graph, please?
‎Why isn't anyone
‎paying attention to me today?
‎Ha, ha! That's because this isn't the real
‎Jagged Stone. It's a wax statue of him.
‎The Grévin wax museum
‎is the kingdom of illusions!
‎Wow! But he looks for reals!
‎The museum opened in 1882. We have about
‎200 wax statues on exhibition at any time.
‎We bring new celebrities in
‎on a regular basis,
‎-the most recent one being Adrien!
‎-So, you and Alya want some alone time?
‎So, no matter what Adrien asks you,
‎just deny!
‎Not at all!
‎That's not why we came here at all!
‎Then it's nice of you to come here
‎to keep me company!
‎That's not why we came here at all,
‎either!
‎Really? So why did you want to come?
‎Did it have to do with Marinette?
‎No, you've got it all wrong, dude!
‎Not with Marinette or with you,
‎and even less with you and Marinette
‎alone by yourselves!
‎I'm confused.
‎She wants to be alone with me?
‎Marinette, alone with you? No way, dude!
‎You couldn't be further from the truth!
‎It's the exact opposite, actually!
‎Marinette doesn't want to be with me?
‎Aaah! Manon! Come here!
‎Does she hate me?
‎No, no, dude! She likes you a lot!
‎I mean, no! I mean, yes! I mean... barely!
‎She barely likes you a lot! There!
‎You sure? I'd be really bummed
‎if I knew Marinette didn't like me.
‎The museum opened in 1882.
‎We have about 200 wax statues...
‎Why did you tell Nino everything?
‎I didn't, I swear! Besides,
‎even if I had told him everything,
‎he'd still be clueless!
‎Ugh! Who cares anyway?
‎I've set everything up with Nino, so you
‎can finally poor your heart out to Adrien.
‎-Wait. What?
‎-We'll take off, leaving you two solo,
‎-then you can spill your beans!
‎-Aaah! Aaah!
‎Not with Marinette or with you
‎and even less with you and Marinette alone
‎by yourselves!
‎No! Not like that! I'm so not ready!
‎I'd have to practise first,
‎and wash my hair,
‎-and I'm not wearing my lucky socks!
‎-It's up to you,
‎but I'm just telling you, today's the day!
‎Aaah! Manon! Come here!
‎Look, Marinette!
‎My mommy's a famous person too!
‎Yeah! Yeah, right! OK!
‎Welcome to the workshop!
‎This is where our sculptors create
‎and repair all of our statues.
‎And this is where we store our wax!
‎It comes straight from
‎our very own beehives, up on the roof.
‎I heard we have to do your hand again,
‎right, Véronique?
‎-The beard's really well done.
‎-It's genuine yak hair.
‎OK! We have to leave you for a while,
‎if you don't mind.
‎It'll ding when it's over.
‎We'll be back later.
‎-Take your time!
‎-Ah! Ah!
‎ I didn't know Nino
‎was a famous person too!
‎-Boo!
‎-Ha, ha, ha, ha!
‎My turn! My turn!
‎I wanna play statues, too!
‎Marinette! Let's go and play
‎hide-and-seek and statues in the museum!
‎We can't, Manon.
‎We came here to keep Adrien company!
‎We'll play with you!
‎Marinette, take care of Adrien!
‎-He must not get bored a single second!
‎-Uh? What? But I...
‎No, don't leave me alone with him!
‎I mean, that's not what I meant to say.
‎I... I...
‎-Are you mad at me, Marinette?
‎-Huh? No, of course not!
‎-Why would you say that?
‎-Because Nino told me--
‎I've no idea what Nino told you,
‎but it's totally not true!
‎Oh, so that means you like me, right?
‎I was afraid you didn't like me!
‎Of course I like you! Well, like "like"
‎but not like that! What I mean is...
‎You're not exactly a "good friend",
‎you know.
‎Uh... OK. But then... If I'm not
‎a good friend, what am I to you?
‎You're... Toilets!
‎I really gotta go to the toilet now.
‎-See you later.
‎-Oh, Adrien! What is it with the girls?
‎At least you don't have these kinds
‎of troubles with cheese!
‎Stop pranking, Plagg! Put that head
‎back down before you cataclysm it!
‎I'm sure I did something to mess up
‎our friendship by accident.
‎-I'm so clueless about these things!
‎I got to make it up to her.
‎Manon? Where are you hiding?
‎Oh, wow!
‎Excuse me, lady, what exactly is your
‎superpower? Making me fall super-in-love?
‎I don't need a superpower for that!
‎I know we're not ourselves
‎when we're akumati‎s‎ed,
‎but it's weird to see ourselves
‎like that, as supervillains!
‎You're not looking properly.
‎These aren't supervillains.
‎These are all the people
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir have saved!
‎You're right.
‎-Hey! What are you doing?
‎-Ooh! I've been akumati‎s‎ed!
‎-Now I'm Tickle Man!
‎-Ha, ha! No! Not the tickles!
‎Help! Ladybug! Cat Noir!
‎Oh!
‎Come on! What about me?
‎Why doesn't anyone want to play with me?
‎A little girl who feels all alone.
‎Children cannot be disregarded!
‎Well, she can count on me
‎to give her my full attention!
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and prey on her despair!
‎Puppeteer, Glad to see you again!
‎So, no one wants to play with you, huh?
‎I'm giving you the power
‎to play with them!
‎We'll have lots of fun!
‎Aaah! I'm so tired of not being able
‎to just tell him how I feel!
‎But I'm so scared, Tikki!
‎Always so scared he'll reject me.
‎You're overthinking it. You should try
‎playing a different character.
‎-Like... like role-playing?
‎-Yes! A super-cool character
‎-who's not afraid of anything!
‎-Yeah! Role-playing. I can do that!
‎-Seriously, who cares about friendship?
‎-Marinette's important to me.
‎So I'll do everything
‎to make her feel good when she's around!
‎-Like giving her cheese?
‎-Like cheering her up, making her laugh,
‎doing pranks, like you always do for me.
‎-Hmm?
‎-I'm super cool! I'm super cool!
‎Watch this, Plagg!
‎What exactly are you doing?
‎Shh!
‎I can't let her think it's the real me!
‎I'm super cool. I'm super cool. I'm super
‎cool. I'm super cool. I'm super cool.
‎Aaah!
‎Oh! It's only his statue.
‎How come I didn't see it earlier?
‎Wow! It looks... so real!
‎The wax is nearly as hot as skin.
‎It even smells exactly like him!
‎Oh, beautiful statue of Adrien! Your wax
‎is so soft! Your yak hair is silky!
‎Your eyes are so green!
‎Oh, shall I be a statue too?
‎Everything would be so much easier!
‎Why haven't we been moulded together
‎in the plaster of destiny,
‎marble to marble, wax lips
‎against wax lips, entwined for eternity?
‎-Eternity sounds like a long time!
‎-Aaah!
‎I'm sorry! I didn't mean to scare you.
‎It was just a prank.
‎Not funny! Not funny at all!
‎Forgive me. Even after all these months,
‎I'm still not used to being a good friend.
‎Nino! Come on, I'm tired of hiding!
‎Where are you?
‎Ha!
‎ This is so much fun!
‎Puppeteer, don't forget
‎to bring me back my little toys,
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
‎I'm gonna play with you, you,
‎and you, and you.
‎Were you serious when you were talking
‎to the statue? I mean, me as a statue?
‎Serious? Me? Ha, ha! You gotta be kidding!
‎I'm the queen of pranks! Ha, ha!
‎I knew you were playing a prank on me,
‎so I just wanted to get you back! Gotcha!
‎So you didn't mean
‎all those things you just said?
‎Of course not! It was role playing! I was
‎in love with the statue! Not with you!
‎If I had feelings,
‎it wouldn't be for a statue!
‎Rather like for a regular human being!
‎Ha, ha, ha!
‎OK, so, as I am a human being, you must
‎still like me a bit, then, right?
‎That's right. I like you a little bit,
‎just like a regular human being! Ha, ha!
‎Can somebody throw me
‎into a vat of wax right now, please?
‎Hawk Moth?
‎-Marinette! Go get some help!
‎-Oh, no!
‎You're going to play with me, this time!
‎-Manon?
‎-Nope! I am The Puppeteer!
‎And I want to play
‎with you and my statues!
‎-Be careful!
‎-Don't worry about me!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Go and find a safe place to hide!
‎I'll handle this!
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎-Whoa! You've captured Hawk Moth!
‎-I wish!
‎-Oh! A wax statue!
‎-The Puppeteer's back.
‎-She must be here somewhere.
‎-We gotta save her.
‎The heroes' room!
‎That's where she found his statue!
‎After you, milady!
‎Look out!
‎It's not her! It's a statue!
‎Look! The real Puppeteer had a wand,
‎remember?
‎Then this Puppeteer must have taken it!
‎That's where the akuma must be!
‎OK! Who wants to play
‎"Red Light, Green Light"?
‎-How about hopscotch?
‎-Enough jokes, kitty!
‎There's a little girl at stake!
‎The worse the situation,
‎the more I realise how amazing you are!
‎How do you do that?
‎-Do what?
‎-If I mean so much to you,
‎how is it so easy for you to say these
‎nice things to me, even in bad situations?
‎The really important things
‎are the hardest to say, aren't they?
‎It's precisely when it's important
‎that it's important to say it!
‎Ah! The workshop! She's gotta be there!
‎Got it!
‎Aaah!
‎Aaah! That's so gross!
‎That should hold them for a bit.
‎Wait!
‎We don't know what's behind this door!
‎Let's stack the odds in our favour!
‎Lucky charm!
‎A cardboard tube?
‎What am I gonna do with this?
‎I'll figure it out. Let's go!
‎I've got tons of friends!
‎But you,
‎no one wants to play with you, Ladybug!
‎You forget I always have Cat Noir with me!
‎-Really? Cat Noir, capture Ladybug!
‎-Aaah!
‎What's wrong with you? Oh, it's a statue!
‎Cleaning done! It deserves a scratch
‎under the chin before going up.
‎Is that a new perfume, milady?
‎This one smells like... wax!
‎Cataclysm!
‎We're done playing games!
‎-Give me that!
‎-No!
‎You lose, Ladybug!
‎Now you won't be able
‎to steal my wand again, meanie!
‎Take her Miraculous!
‎Hands off, you pale imitation!
‎-Only one cat is allowed to have her hand!
‎-Thanks, kitty!
‎Have you found out what to do
‎with your Lucky Charm?
‎I do now!
‎-Let go, you fake!
‎-Ha, ha, ha!
‎I've almost beat you, Ladybug.
‎Cat Noir, give me her earrings!
‎-What's happening, Puppeteer?
‎-I don't know! My wand's stopped working!
‎Surprise! I swapped them earlier.
‎You lose, Puppeteer!
‎I don't care! If you break my wand,
‎I'll turn them into real wax statues!
‎No! Don't do that!
‎Fine. I'll give you your wand back.
‎Huh?
‎What is that? Hey! If you're
‎the real one, then that means that...
‎-Too late!
‎-No!
‎No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎-Pound it!
‎Soon, I'll be pulling the strings,
‎Ladybug,
‎and that day will come
‎sooner than you think!
‎There we are! All back together again!
‎Hey, wait! Manon has to see this!
‎Oh, but where is she?
‎Maybe she's behind
‎that weird statue over there!
‎Hmm?
‎-Boo!
‎-Aaah!
‎ Gotcha!
‎To Manon's place, please!
‎To Marinette's.
‎I'm sor-- !
‎-You go first.
‎-No, please, you.
‎I shouldn't have kissed the statue.
‎I didn't know it was you, if I had,
‎-it wouldn't have been a prank, because--
‎-No, no! It's my fault.
‎When you left the workshop, I was
‎so worried you were mad at me,
‎-it made me do this prank and...
‎-Of course I wasn't mad!
‎-I'm sorry that I made you believe that.
‎-Is that true? We're still friends?
‎Of course! But maybe we should stop
‎playing pranks on each other!
‎Ha, ha! I know. I'm not good with jokes.
‎The girl I'm in love with
‎doesn't like 'em!
‎The girl... you're... you're in love with?
‎-Are you OK, Marinette?
‎-Yeah, yeah. I'm glad we're friends!
‎-See you tomorrow at school?
‎-Yeah.
‎You heard him. Adrien is in love with
‎another girl. And me... I'm just a friend!
‎Oh, I'm sure life has many surprises
‎in store for you, Marinette!
‎Yeah. That one would have been
‎one very silly first kiss anyways.